SUPG Advection (#56)
jeremylt/LFAToolkit.jl: docs/src/examples/advection_supg.md

## Streamline-Upwind/Petrov-Galerkin (SUPG) advection operator

This is an example of the 1D scalar SUPG advection problem.

### Problem formulation

The advection problem is given by

```math
\dfrac{\partial u}{\partial t} + c \dfrac{\partial u}{\partial x} = 0
```
where ``u = u(x,t)`` and ``c`` is its associated phase speed.

The SUPG advection weak form is given by

```math
\int_\Omega v \left(\dfrac{\partial u}{\partial t} \right) dV - \int_\Omega \dfrac{\partial v}{\partial x} \left(c u - c τ \left( \dfrac{\partial u}{\partial t} + c \dfrac{\partial u}{\partial x} \right) \right) dV = 0, \forall v \in V
```
for an appropriate test space ``V \subseteq H^1 \left( \Omega \right)`` on the domain.
In this weak formulation, boundary terms have been omitted, as they are not present on the infinite grid for Local Fourier Analysis.

> Where ``τ`` is the scaling for SUPG, we note that ``τ = 0`` gives classical Galerkin formulation, ``τ = 0.5`` gives nodally exact solution to the advection-diffusion equation and ``τ = 1`` gives SUPG formulation.

Reviewer: It's $\tau = h/2$ for nodally exact in steady pure advection. For advection-diffusion, the optimal/"exact" parameter depends on the cell Peclet number. I know the standard grid is $h=1$, but we should be clear about this. There is a more sophisticated expression for quadratic elements, that requires using different values at cell midpoints and edges (which is unnatural in a quadrature-based method and doesn't really help for multiple dimensions or non-uniform meshes, so isn't really used in practice).

Author: Alright thanks for clearing this, but this tau = h/2 will give nodally exact solution for linear elements

## Streamline-Upwind/Petrov-Galerkin (SUPG) advection operator

This is an example of the 1D scalar SUPG advection problem.

### Problem formulation

The advection problem is given by

```math
\dfrac{\partial u}{\partial t} + c \dfrac{\partial u}{\partial x} = 0
```
where ``u = u(x,t)`` and ``c`` is its associated phase speed.

The SUPG advection weak form is given by

```math
\int_\Omega v \left(\dfrac{\partial u}{\partial t} \right) dV - \int_\Omega \dfrac{\partial v}{\partial x} \left(c u - c τ \left( \dfrac{\partial u}{\partial t} + c \dfrac{\partial u}{\partial x} \right) \right) dV = 0, \forall v \in V
```
for an appropriate test space ``V \subseteq H^1 \left( \Omega \right)`` on the domain.
In this weak formulation, boundary terms have been omitted, as they are not present on the infinite grid for Local Fourier Analysis.

> Where ``τ`` is the scaling for SUPG, we note that ``τ = 0`` gives classical Galerkin formulation, ``τ = \dfrac{h}{2}`` gives nodally exact solution to the pure advection equation and ``τ = 1`` gives SUPG formulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SUPG stabilization is controlled by the parameter ``τ``, where ``τ = 0`` gives the classical Galerkin formulation and ``τ = \dfrac{h}{2}`` gives a nodally exact solution to the steady advection equation with source when using linear elements (this can be extended to advection-diffusion with a further scaling that depends on the cell Péclet number).
```

### LFAToolkit code

> The advection operator is a classical test case to see dispersion spectrum inside LFAToolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The symbol of the continuous advection operator ``u_t + c u_x = 0`` applied to the Fourier mode ``e^{i\theta x}`` is ``i\theta``.
The finite element discretization yields ``M u_t + A u = 0``, and thus we are interested in the symbol of ``-M^{-1} A``.
One may compare the continuous spectrum with the discrete symbol, which is necessarily periodic on ``[-\pi, \pi)``, to understand the behavior for high wave numbers, including the high frequencies that will limit stable time steps.
To understand dispersion within the resolved frequencies, we instead plot the phase speed ``\lambda/\theta``, which should be very close to ``c`` through the resolved frequencies.
```

Aside, you should read this section of Brooks and Hughes.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3303/189804483-f46aed09-e60d-4c3f-be94-d74ca4f381dd.png)
This is for a specific time integration choice, while we do it for an analytic time integrator.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3303/189804662-1518ee4b-bcf7-47e5-b97e-7e9564f75558.png)

> Here we show the supg advection operator on a non-polynomial basis derived from the Hale-Trefethen strip transformation applied to a H1 Lagrange basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we show the SUPG advection operator on a non-polynomial basis derived from the Hale-Trefethen strip transformation applied to a ``H^1`` Lagrange basis.
```

Reviewer: Are we really doing Hale-Trefethen? The example being included below is using no transformation (sausage transform is commented out). I think it's okay to not do the transform here; it would need more documentation (or a paper to cite) to really explain this complexity.

Author: No, we are not doing transform here. I will suppress it.
